we're back with another video of Dragon
City and we're going to be looking at as
the Aztec island bonus reward the second
reward which is DePriest alright so we
complete the quest basically essentially
it is really the same thing complete all
the blocks break it fight them and then
after that you get his egg in your
storage then you can place it into a
habitat so there it is that was the egg
and we're just putting it into the
habitat now the only way to get this
dragon is to do this island thing this
event you cannot breed Wow all right you
cannot breed for this dragon but that
was pretty cool I was actually looking
away and then I turned around it's like
dude well what happened there so let's
look at it again really cool green fire
here and it looks like a dragon head
whenever it's bouncing up and down
really cool animation for his baby for
him hopefully his adult and teenager
form will be just as good so we're gonna
level it up to second form and let's
just check it out alright we're at the
second form now let's see what it does
alright a lot of a cool animation there
it kind of uh I don't know he stabs his
staff into the ground and then this this
ray you know this sunlight ray kind of
shine down on him so that's pretty much
it
we're gonna level it up to a final form
and then we'll check out what that
animation is all right here we are
alright he's doing the same thing except
now fire is coming out of it now in my
opinion the last animation is kind of
weak compared to the you know the first
one or the second one this one is sort
of weak here but you know the green fire
is an all well the green fire is always
cool anything that is different from the
common red and orange fire is all
you know like blue fire purple fire
green fire is definitely a cool color
now that that's pretty much it like I
said you can only get it through the
Aztec island there is about one day in
18 hours or 19 hours rather left to get
this island and then after you get that
island first you have to do the Aztec
temple then the warrior then you will
have access to the priests and then the
Emperor anyway that is about it for this
video that is how you get this dragon
for your game
and that concludes it for this video if
you have any comments please visit the
comments section below if you have any
questions regarding the video please
visit us on Facebook or Twitter